Sunday morning dark clouds Rising oh there's no
sunshine anywhere strong winds
blowing God give us wisdom to grasp the
message in the air oh if I could have one wish and know
that it would come true and wish that God would give us strength to know just
what to do then we could tear down the fences that fence us
all fences created by such evil men then we could
tear down the fences that fence us all in maybe we could walk together
again welcome back to satanic
initiation lady Babylon it's nice to have you again what I've Got Tonight is
a little bit of a treat we're gonna bring Peter Peter who St Peter we're
gonna bring St Peter in and we're going to interrogate him and in the process
we're going to find out who he is what his job was and how he was
involved with Jesus tonight on lady
[Music]
Babylon so tonight we're going to look at the
hos and what we're going to do is we're going to see who this person is really
it's an exercise in classical philology tonight guys and before everybody gets
bored and starts to walk out because that's classical phology just the sound
of it doesn't it sound boring it sounds boring but it's not it's really not
and what we're going to do tonight as investigators is we're going to look at a word we're going to look at a word
we're going to track that word it's the word that Peter used of
himself of himself before we purify the temple tonight this Sacred Space that we
have I want to show you quickly quickly um about the ages of the children who
are the apostles yes the
students of Jesus and their age people love to run in and they love to say oh
but Peter Peter was married Peter was married if you hear that from a Biblical
scholar or a religious
historian you will want to question them
say what's the evidence that we have for that what's the evidence that we have I want to pull up I'm going to do this in
kind of reverse order I want to come back to the very last of my yeah pull that one up chewy we're going no the one
that's not it uh that one try that one nope that's not it what about that one
oh my goodness I've not put these in the um I'm G to show you the definition of
what is there um for right now I just want you to hold in
reserve that St Peter um is not married he's not
married he's a kid and he's not married and I'll show you how you say how can you say that how can you say that it's
beautiful it's just the Greek we'll bring it right to you but before we do let's Cleanse This Place let's get rid
of any sort of unscientific
unreasonable ideology proposals thoughts the brain farts of
any humans who might have affected us let's get rid of those and let's cleanse
that tonight tonight we're going to see she who is the protector of that
Nave that Nave hit it
Che [Music]
[Music]
ah that feels good that feels good let's call them in let's go get Peter shall we
Peter come and join us Peter please will you please Peter come on
Peter go ahead and bring up that very first bit of let's just throw this out
there people take a look at this this is Luke 58 Luke 58 yeah and so seeing these
things Simon Peter fell down at the knees at the knees right he's collapsing
in front of Jesus Jesus wisdom in the boat and he's seen some things collapses in front of his grabing says oh my God
what does he say get out of here Exel yeah that's what he says he says get away from me I'm an
hos see that third to last word hammos what is this what is Peter St
Peter who is still a teenager what is St Peter calling
himself that's what we're gonna find out don't be surprised don't be surprised
can you believe people we don't even have an accurate an accurate depiction of him none of these none of these they
all follow the fairy tale not the text not the text the text is much more interesting let's see what the kids
doing let's see what the kids doing this is great biblical scholarship by the way
in the hands of a classical philologist you can really generate good genuine
scientific scholarship for the Bible that's what they need that's what the Bible
needs shine a light on it love it here it is
watch this let's find some more hamaro shall
we find some more of these people what are they are there any are there any in the bushes where are they I think
they're in a place called Sodom and gomorah Sodom and Gomorrah the these
people yes um we can call them gammites or we call them sodomites but they're
there in the text and here they are from the city of Sodom what does it say those
people from the city of Sodom they were Pono they were terrible they were
terrible they were hamaro all the time excessively
do doing this excessively the acts of this
hos ew get away from me do you know who I am I'm a
Hos they weren't having a philosophical discussion Peter was trying to tell him
what he did and let's see let's see what happens bring us up Peter get over here
yes get over here here it is love it we're gon I'm gonna take you tonight to
a magic time this is the year 1313 it's the Genesis it's the Genesis that's what
they called the project those satanists look it
up if you know now that many of you have ears to hear you can find this stuff
blow that up against you I need that that one H anthropo so these are the guys in s them and they're terrible
they're always doing this in front just right in front of his eyes man he's watching you this guy's watching you and
you're doing this stuff and Sodom and Gomorrah get next one please here we go here we we go and um
this is Luke 5:30 we're at another place where the Pharisees Pharisees and the grates those the
intellectuals those are the they call them scribes but they're also mathematicians yeah no these are you
know kind of educated people of the time right and what are they doing they're
all mad at the Maas at the kitties at Jesus's kitties they're mad and why are
they mad well here's what they asked they say why are you eating and
drinking with tonin and
hamon with hamal and a
telones what is a telones right so the the people take it down the people the
people are upset the religious folks are upset right the sa of the Pharisees
they're mad cuz look who he's keeping look who his kids are keeping company with Jesus gets a reputation for this he
gets a reputation right to so much to the point that he says you say that I've come as a
drunk as somebody overindulging
with my hamaro right he knows that that
accusation is being leveled that's in two of the gospels so let's keep find out who are
these Hy well we know that they're associated with with these what are
these they're guys who complete the contract what the Telos bring us up the
next let's find out who these people are look at this who are the telones or what is a telones look it's the combination
of Telos and on oh my yeah onet oh my
look what it says near the bottom oh puus in Latin isn't that nice they got
snuck that in republicanos right Publican Publican what is ablan I'm not
I'm not getting any closer I see a tax farmer I see a tax farmer but look at the Greek in the middle of this Alice
Alice from Wonderland speak to me please pontes telona pontes a
haris look at this everybody who's a telona those people all of them are
thieves thieves you know what a telones is take it down a
telones the associate of the hammos the telones collects the
fee the telones collects the fee uhhuh uhhuh good you see there are
Services being rendered fees being taken
collected okay this is what they do in Sodom that really makes him
mad yeah do you wonder why they were right think about that just for a minute you've got the
and what is it talking about it's talking about practices of public
prostitution that we know are contemporary he's not talking about
anything beyond that this is wonderful these people of Sodom we have a text
here in Greek the original we have a text not a translation a text talking
about this institution within Sodom right and what are we talking about the
Pirates again guys it's the trafficking the selling of humans the selling of
humans ready ready that's why Peter and his buddies are all getting recognized
by the pidis the prostitute right okay let's
keep going it gets okay I know people are like let's take a look at this we
need to see the we need to see the actually it's the one before that the one before that boink yeah look at the
bottom of this guys on that telones take down satanic initiation please porno
Bosco K tones right um so we know that these ton this telones or these teloni
that they have Associates who are hamaro and porob Bosco porob Bosco now I don't
know if you can hear the root of that that porn and
BOS porn and Bosque but let's look at what that could possibly be because
here's another person what does the porn abusus do oh they keep the whole thing
running they keep the whole thing running a broel keeper well that makes
sense somebody who is fostering the POR and um by the way here's your uh here's
your puas and I just wanted you guys to see here um look we're not talking about
Roman equestrians in Judea right we're not talking about that um look at the top
here um we have the farming of the revenue and we have the mulera the wife of the farmer General
isn't that interesting and look what they put look what the victorians put in little tiny parenthesis with an odious
secondary meaning an odious please don't you feel
that I am old enough to learn what your Odus secondary meaning is no because
they were victorians and they thought none of us should know that except a except a select few right fantastic so
uh you know let's look it up because we're not gonna we're not going to give up right not us not people from satanic
initiation no by the way I'm thinking about doing a show for kids to help
educate them about the Bible um and a format for that I thought
it was a great idea um something to get out there to protect and shield and
educate those children from transdimensional um Jesus
yeah almost like a public service yes anywh who let's go to the um
next one let me know in your comments if you think that you know um such a show
would be watchable you know it would have to be really entertaining and fun for the kids that's what it have to be
Mula what is a mul aula a little woman a mere woman a girl now go drop down a
couple of lines look at look at what's coming up before ciceros tusculan disputations a common working girl oh I
see a common working girl I know what the are in Greek next give me the next
one right after that one nope nope we are off tonight aren't we yeah totally
where did you just have me here this is what I need right here take that off nice we'll get it between
the two of us we'll get it figured out it's no problem people are not in a hurry anyway por look at this Harlot or
prostitute Harlot or prostitute huh
Harlot or prostitute okay I get it arilus but most importantly people I
tell all my Greek students this and please if you're learning anything in the Greek know that that verbal action
is most important right the Greek is basing the majority of those n those
nouns and adjectives off of that action so let's look at what the verb is go to
the next one yep um this is not the verb but this is
the um this is a noun ponos catamite look at this it's from that porn root
it's from that porn root right sodomite and again everybody saw we were
looking at Sodom the English term sodomite we know what the English term sodomite means it means somebody's H you
know one of these hamaro you know what I mean it's the way it is and um
fornicator that's a little bit interesting fornicator but look at the very bottom idolator
idolator you see this is a pagan this is a real Pagan thing we got going on
here's the verb that it's from parami right right and just look at the bottom
of this paragraph it's the second to last line to export for sale in Epic usually of exporting
captives to foreign parts for sale as slaves you mean the word
for porn um
pornographic lifestyle uh um
erotic sales prostitution you mean the words that that we're getting all of these
Concepts from in Greek have to do with this idea that the leace has that you can
take a person capture them sail off to somewhere else and sell them for the
sake of sexual favors as a slave yes yes
it's where it comes from it's where it comes from the POR who serves in the
temple of Aphrodite her name is is a designation
what they call her is a designation of the fact that she is that servant to the
divinity she is that servant it is the cup of the
pora give me the next one next slide it's the cup of the porna that
is the cause of the catastrophe of the
Apocalypse right it is this that we're talking about go ahead yep I think nope
let's see nope nope there we are okay um
let's go ahead push forward uh yeah so John comes to you on
this road of righteousness and uh you believed him right
honi Kai hyai epist son in him whoops they didn't
believe him they didn't believe him cuk they didn't believe him but the taloni
and the porni right we just saw por prostitutes the teloni who are the ones who are
taking the fees for the prostitutes right they are they did
believe in them says Matthew here right what's he say right don't you see
they're gonna these people right this he hits this over and over again that these people are going to enter the Kingdom of
Heaven before you people I've got another verse coming up right so what is
it saying Jesus is associated with Loni with
hamal and Peter is confessing to him at this point at this point now I've got a
really great um wonderful description of these people um that I'm going to read
to you from Antiquity um uh but here I want to bring that back up please chewy
um I just want you to remember the verb poro that means to prostitute also means
to practice idolatry at the bottom the religion is just um wound up with it you
can't separate the to a poropos is one who has Commerce with
prostitutes the roots of this are ex you know endless this is one source I wanted
to see to bring you look what do we have here we have hus now I'm gonna give you I'm GNA give you something special right
I'm going to give you something special tonight your average scholar is not going to do this they're not going to go
all the way into the depths what I have to do is dig up a
lexicographer who's Greek an ancient Greek lexicographer who's going to be able to
write to you what these words mean in his own
language right that is evidence that is the cream of the crop that is that
bottle of wine that's been sitting there for 120 years yeah that's the good stuff that's
the good stuff let's go right now to him let's go here's two
words poropos and poroi which is just the
they're just putting some stuff into a case don't worry about that it's just pornos anyway what is the poropos it's
the hyot tropos the hyot tropos remember Jesus has hyro these little guys who
were his companions all the time this is the one who Grooms them this is the
companion groomer and the poros he is himself a
poros so when Jesus talks to his children and he is telling them
about um what they will be doing he's approaching them as the groomer as the
one who cultivates their active use as prostitutes he is the poros he's the if
you want to think of him as the ideal pornos that's the way to go but that is
the position from which Jesus is speaking to his young apostles
okay um poro look at the bottom definition P now this one I'm going to
translate directly up for anybody who's been saying these kids these kids are
not not kids who were kids these are 30-year-old kids right and the only
reason he's calling him kids is Jesus is Goofy right he walks around like Mickey Mouse saying W there chitty
kitties where are all my sheepkin today hello there he does that to adults cuz he's just
weird that way right it's just one of the thing no no that's not right that's
not right at all what is the
definition according to hisus hius yeah this is that
pice that has grown to the point of fruition to the point of
fruiting that's literally what it says Ros that kid is at the point of blooming
and at that point of blooming they are entered
into working for the tones the one who collects the fees and that one who
collects the fees is strictly working the business
end of those um hamaro yeah yeah okay let's keep going
it gets it's going to get a little bit more um historic detail here love it
this is great literature people the Bible is you need to read this stuff go
um this is ciceros oh yes this is calinar and conspiracy and I just want
you guys to see I want to read this to you cheie you've been great can you blow that up for me thanks um look look at
the second look at the second paragraph he's talking about the calinar and conspiracy this is just where cisero's
Consul was somebody else there's two of them right and um somebody comes up and
tries to take over Cataline tries to take over the government Cicero is not
going to let him he's promis he pledges to protect the Republic to keep the Republic safe from an attempted
conspiracy from an an an attempted um Insurrection
and so um he talks about the people who were following Cataline he talks about
the people who are following Cataline and in the second paragraph he says there is a last class lasts not only in
number but in the sword of men and in their way of life the special bodyguard
of Cataline his go his bodyguard and he levied it yes the friends of his
Embraces and of his bosom what whom you see with carefully combed hair glossy
beardless or with well-trimmed beards watch watch out if you trim your
beard too well you might be a calinar um let's see what does he mean
with tunics with sleeves he describes their fashion right um whose watchfulness is expended in suppers
lasting until Daybreak he goes on to say they have their naked dances together
and then it takes a funny Kind of a Funny turn yeah I'm sorry let's get the next one up takes kind of a funny turn
and he continues to describe him in these bands remember this is Cicero people if you don't like sis if you
don't like Uh siso something's wrong something's wrong you know I feel like I
should salute a eagle or something yeah um ciso uh in these bands are all the Gam
um lers right now remember they're using the same terms for these groups of
people that Jesus in the New Testament is using of his disciples okay in these
bands are all the gamblers all the adulterers all the unclean and Shameless
citizens these boys so witty and delicate have learned not only to love
and to be loved not only to sing and dance but also to brandish daggers and
to administer poisons and unless they are driven out unless they die even should Cataline die
I warn you that the school of Cataline would exist in the Republic yeah yeah look at the last line
Second um second uh starts on the third last line oh War much to be dreaded when
Cataline is going to have his bodyguard of
prostitutes yeah if you are looking at Antiquity and you do not see the
profound effect of human trafficking um and it's broad
cultural um profusion entering all of literature
doesn't matter what kind it is there's a reason that Christians call
them slaves right there's a
reason there's a reason okay let's keep going after
Cicero I've got a couple of more goodies here and I just want people to see I want us to get a whole well-rounded so
he says look mini Toni on line to mini Toni and mini hamaro they're they were workers with
Jesus and with his students and there were many of them right they were reclining what are they doing here what
soon on a kto you know what that means that means they're reclining with do you
know do you know what this picture is of this scene imagine a room with Jesus
reclining or lounging with 12
teenage uh boys men 12 teenagers
yeah and um and and these people come in
wait what more people yeah lots of Toni lots of these Distributors dealers
and their hamaro and their
prostitutes come in and lie with Jesus and his
kids yeah take it down
okay there's a lot going on in the Bible there's a lot going on in the Bible and
it's no wonder that Jesus gets it right there's no wonder that he gets
it and he's like they're GNA come and get me why he raises his hand as he's getting arrested right G the children
out there need to know that Jesus Christ when he was being arrested in a public
park at 400 a.m. with the naked kid when he was being arrested he was shouting I
am not a child trafficker I am not a child trafficker
Jesus please please please tell us why go to the next
one um this is going to get a little a little rough but I know you guys enjoy the rough Seas um look just more Mark 26
these ton these hamar tooy they're all over the place they're all over the place this people are upset saying why
are you eating why are you eating with these people why are you associating with these
gangs right what is a hamaron tell me hius that's some I'm
translating that's someone who will do anything somebody who has no
standards somebody who's clever to get the job done to you there
tricksters they are thieves right these people they'll get you and what do they
get you for watch this they're Moos they're Moos they're in bad condition
they are naves right they're navish these people will rob you blind
right what what are they doing about this in um in the religious circles they're standing here praying look look
at Luke 1811 the Pharisees standing there praying he oh God I'm so happy
that I'm not like the rest of these people pointing them out these people
who are thieves and and criminals and mooy and telones what wait they're
mooy Mo mooy what is that mooy adulterer
adulterer but look at number two look at Roman numeral number two now everybody I
told you classical philology is all exposure you can't get around me with BS
if I've seen every one of these myself look at number
two this is how this word is used Paramore of a
sodomite right omeo it's coming from a root that has to do with production of
fluids that's all I'm gonna say I idolatrous person idolatrous person
idolatrous wait a minute you got this religion thing and this slave trade
thing and this drug thing all together all together welcome welcome to the
mystery
welcome okay should we tell people you know some somebody was asking me is is
chewy bombards you with with with imagery um no that's okay
keep going I like it hypnotize them um I just want to step back and I want to
say if we don't correct the history it
perpetuates the lies and the propaganda of those who don't want reality who
whoever is in our society who does not want a
reality of Jesus as he lived and spoke and breathed
historically they have a problem with this we we can always win people we can
always win as long as we get people the information the people who should be
reading the Bible right now are not preachers and pulpits they're not priests in parishes no they're not
Street Preachers no they're not anglicans no they're not Protestants
they're not Catholics they're not orange or green they're not even
Mormons the people who should be teaching Jehovah's Witness I'll throw
them in too sorry about that don't mean to leave anybody out scientologists don't teach the Bible so they don't
count right but for those who teach the Bible the the ones that really should be
taking their place are the scholars and I'm not talking about the people at
Harvard I'm talking about the people who spent time in their lives saying there
is this thing called language and you know what I'm going to master to the
best of my ability this one so I can access those sources I'm not here to
sell you anything have you seen me honk you any t-shirts or hats I don't want
that I'm not here to give you a church you know that nobody here wants that I'm
here to bring you those texts and to show you that you
too can learn and master and open up
that Gateway to reality that is the past all we have
to do is bring these texts to the world the whole world should see Jesus for who
he is and he was a man arrested in a park with a naked boy for a reason for a
reason it's all about that museum we have to maintain
the Integrity of the museum um I've got a couple more but I think I'm just gonna hit this last one yep I'm taking up
people's time um yeah no no no this is
just when Jesus boat jaacks Peter I'm sorry Peter remember
um Peter James and John were on these
boats in Sea of Galilee right on the shore of the Sea of Galilee and they're
parents go away to menend the Nets and when Jesus sees the parents leave he
goes over to the boat that's got Peter on it and he says hey take us up to the
Shoreline and I'll teach these people on the shore and they do and when they're done teaching Jesus turns back to Peter
and he says hey Peter let's go out into the deep end let's go let's go see what's going on
over there and it's at that point after the Miracles have taken place that Peter
collapses falls down says I am not worthy he says you know what I am you
know what I am Jesus and this must have been so hard for Peter this must have
been so hard because remember the stigma that is attached to the act of sodomy in
antiquity remember the stigma and Peter has to
acknowledge before Jesus that he is in an operation that he is in the middle of
ancient prostitution and does Jesus have a
problem with it nope as a matter of fact he goes and
gets himself a telones to help elct the
fees his name was Matthew you guys have a good night I'm
GNA go now to Lady Babylon in about 20 minutes and I'm going to throw out some
discussion I'm just gonna throw out some things that I want to discuss um that I
want everybody to discuss not me but you know other people because I'm tired of talking and it's my time to enjoy the
intellectual convo thank you for coming tonight
please don't forget this is all the Bible hail
[Music] Satan F all in fenes created by such evil men we
could tear down the fences that fence us all in
we could walk together again just maybe we could walk
together [Music] again